as snow in summer and rain in harvest so
as snow in summer and rain in harvest so honor is not fitting for a fool like a
honor is not fitting for a fool like a
honor is not fitting for a fool like a flitting sparrow like a flying swallow
flitting sparrow like a flying swallow
flitting sparrow like a flying swallow so a curse without cause shall not
so a curse without cause shall not
so a curse without cause shall not alight a whip for the horse a bridle for
alight a whip for the horse a bridle for
alight a whip for the horse a bridle for the donkey and a rod for the fools back
the donkey and a rod for the fools back
the donkey and a rod for the fools back do not answer a fool according to his
do not answer a fool according to his
do not answer a fool according to his folly lest you also be like him answer a
folly lest you also be like him answer a
folly lest you also be like him answer a fool according to his folly lest he be
fool according to his folly lest he be
fool according to his folly lest he be wise in his own eyes he who sends a
wise in his own eyes he who sends a
wise in his own eyes he who sends a message by the hand of a fool cuts off
message by the hand of a fool cuts off
message by the hand of a fool cuts off his own feet and drinks violence like
his own feet and drinks violence like
his own feet and drinks violence like the legs of the lame that hang limp is a
the legs of the lame that hang limp is a
the legs of the lame that hang limp is a proverb in the mouth of fools like one
proverb in the mouth of fools like one
proverb in the mouth of fools like one who binds a stone in a sling is he who
who binds a stone in a sling is he who
who binds a stone in a sling is he who gives honor
like a form that goes into the hand of a
like a form that goes into the hand of a drunken is a proverb in the mouth of
drunken is a proverb in the mouth of
drunken is a proverb in the mouth of fools the Great God who formed
fools the Great God who formed
fools the Great God who formed everything gives the fool his higher and
everything gives the fool his higher and
everything gives the fool his higher and the transgressor his wages as a dog
the transgressor his wages as a dog
the transgressor his wages as a dog returns to his own vomit so a fool
returns to his own vomit so a fool
returns to his own vomit so a fool repeats his folly do you see a man wise
repeats his folly do you see a man wise
repeats his folly do you see a man wise in his own eyes there is more hope for a
in his own eyes there is more hope for a
in his own eyes there is more hope for a fool than for him the lazy man says
fool than for him the lazy man says
fool than for him the lazy man says there is a lion in the road a fierce
there is a lion in the road a fierce
there is a lion in the road a fierce lion is in the streets as a door turns
lion is in the streets as a door turns
lion is in the streets as a door turns on its hinges so does the lazy man on
on its hinges so does the lazy man on
on its hinges so does the lazy man on his bed the lazy man buries his hand in
his bed the lazy man buries his hand in
his bed the lazy man buries his hand in the bowl it worries him to bring it back
the bowl it worries him to bring it back
the bowl it worries him to bring it back to his mouth the lazy man is wiser in
to his mouth the lazy man is wiser in
to his mouth the lazy man is wiser in his own eyes than seven men who can
his own eyes than seven men who can
his own eyes than seven men who can answer sensibly he who passes by and
answer sensibly he who passes by and
answer sensibly he who passes by and medals in a quarrel not his own is like
medals in a quarrel not his own is like
medals in a quarrel not his own is like one who takes a dog by the ears like a
one who takes a dog by the ears like a
one who takes a dog by the ears like a mad man who throws firebrands arrows and
mad man who throws firebrands arrows and
mad man who throws firebrands arrows and death is the man who deceives his
death is the man who deceives his
death is the man who deceives his neighbour and says I was only joking
neighbour and says I was only joking
neighbour and says I was only joking where there is no wood the fire goes out
where there is no wood the fire goes out
where there is no wood the fire goes out and where there is no tail bearer strife
and where there is no tail bearer strife
and where there is no tail bearer strife ceases
ceases
ceases as charcoal is to burning coals and wood
as charcoal is to burning coals and wood
as charcoal is to burning coals and wood to fire so is a contentious man to
to fire so is a contentious man to
to fire so is a contentious man to Kindle strife the words of a tail bearer
Kindle strife the words of a tail bearer
Kindle strife the words of a tail bearer are like tasty trifles and they go down
are like tasty trifles and they go down
are like tasty trifles and they go down into the inmost body fervent lips with a
into the inmost body fervent lips with a
into the inmost body fervent lips with a wicked heart are like earthenware
wicked heart are like earthenware
wicked heart are like earthenware covered with silver dross he who hates
covered with silver dross he who hates
covered with silver dross he who hates disguises it with his lips and lays up
disguises it with his lips and lays up
disguises it with his lips and lays up to seat within himself when he speaks
to seat within himself when he speaks
to seat within himself when he speaks kindly do not believe him for there are
kindly do not believe him for there are
kindly do not believe him for there are seven abominations in his heart though
seven abominations in his heart though
seven abominations in his heart though his hatred is covered by deceit his
his hatred is covered by deceit his
his hatred is covered by deceit his wickedness will be revealed before the
wickedness will be revealed before the
wickedness will be revealed before the assembly whoever digs a pit will fall
assembly whoever digs a pit will fall
assembly whoever digs a pit will fall into it and he who rolls a stone will
into it and he who rolls a stone will
into it and he who rolls a stone will have it rolled back on him a lying
have it rolled back on him a lying
have it rolled back on him a lying tongue hates those who are crushed by it
tongue hates those who are crushed by it
tongue hates those who are crushed by it and a flattering mouth works ruin